How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    While using diff I found it easier to spot the bug than by using diff -u

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I found it easier to work with 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    I can choose what and when I want to create

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because all the files in the commit are essential for the commit

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    diff shows what has been changed betwen two files, git log shows every commit that has been made

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I really do think that I can only break something if I don't know what I'm doing

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Upload files, share files and waiting to see what else can be done. I'm just begining the course.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	Having access to all previos versions can help me if a new version has bugs

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	You know better when to save

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	 For the instance in which you cange multiple files

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	git log shows the commits git diff identifies the changes made bewtwen the commits

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	You can return to a previos commit and see what has changed

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
  	For everything that I can